## **Create Users**
***   

- Enter the BITS ID of the students in a file named 'userList'    
- Enter the details in gitlab_config (without spaces) -     
  -- First line -> hostname      
  -- Second line -> gitlab Administrator username    
  -- Third line -> gitlab Administrator password     
- Type the command `java -jar createUsers.jar`      
- Email of the user will be the BITS mail 
- Username and password of the new accounts created will be their BITS IDs

## **Create Lab**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh create <lab-name>`     
 
## **Delete Lab**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh delete <lab-name>`   

## **Add testcases**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh add testcase <lab-name> <path-to-dir>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab to which testcase will be added.     
  --**path-to-dir** is the path(relative to misc folder/absolute) to the folder containing testcases.    

## **Add solutions**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh add solutions <lab-name> <path-to-dir>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab to which solutions will be added.     
  --**path-to-dir** is the path(relative to misc folder/absolute) to the folder containing solutions.    

## **Add skeleton-code**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh add skeleton_code <lab-name> <path-to-dir>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab to which skeleton_code will be added.     
  --**path-to-dir** is the path(relative to misc folder/absolute) to the folder containing the skeleton_code.    

## **Remove testcases**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh remove testcase <lab-name>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab from which testcase will be removed.         

## **Remove solutions**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh remove solutions <lab-name>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab from which testcase will be removed.     

## **Remove skeleton-code**   
***   

- run the command -> `sudo bash autolab.sh remove skeleton_code <lab-name>`       
  --**lab-name** is the name of the lab from which testcase will be removed.


# Note   
1. Wroking directory is '/Autolab/misc' folder.
2. The userList file has to be consistent before running 'createUsers.jar'.      
3. All the IDs in the 'userList' file will get an account each time 'createUsers.jar' is run.    
4. 'gitlab_config' has to have the correct details before running any command from the 'autolab.sh' script.    
5. A copy of the the lab will appear in the 'misc' folder.     
6. When a project is created all the users from the 'userList' will be added as members to the project and will be given     
   only view and download access (Guest privileges).      


