# Instructions for Submitting Code to Unit / Integration Tests #  

1. **Create a new user**
    1. Go to the link https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in
    2. Create an account on GitLab with username as your BITS ID (12 digits). For illustration let us say your bits id is 2012A7PS001G and email id is f2012001@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in. But please replace it with your username and email id approrpriately.  

2. **Create new project on Gitlab server:**
    1. Login on https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in  with your credentials created in step 1.
    2. Create a private repo (new project) with the name being exactly given on autolab website. Let us say the name to be _lab1_.
 
3. **Create your work space for coding on your local machine**
    1. Open a terminal and execute the following three commands. Replace your username and email id in the commands.     
      ```shell
      git config --global user.name "2012A7PS001G" 
      git config --global user.email "f2012001@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in"
      export GIT_SSL_NO_VERIFY=1 
      ```
    2. Clone the repo from git server to your local machine.
      ```shell
       git clone https://2012A7PS001G@autolab.bits-goa.ac.in/2012A7PS001G/lab1.git
      ```
      The command will clone an empty git repository called lab1 in your present working directory. You need to place all your code in lab1 directory.

    3. Code and save! Autolab supports multiple languages and expects the code to be put in the correct language-specific directory.  For example if you are choosing c language, then create directory named “c” in "lab1" and store your files in that directory. The required directory structure for other languages is given below. 
    
    | Programming Language | Directory / Folder  |
    |-------- |:----------:|
    | C language | c/ |
    | C++ 2011 language | cpp/ |
    | C++ 2014 language | cpp14/ |
    | Java language | java/ |
    | Python2 language | python2/ |
    | Python3 language | python3/ |

    Please see a sample repository structure for [unit_tests](https://github.com/AutolabJS/AutolabJS/tree/master/docs/examples/unit_tests/student_solution).

 
4. Since the instructor uses unit tests for evaluation, you need to refer to the problem statement to obtain the exact filenames, function and class names to be used for creating solution. Each test invokes one or more file / function / object. Refer to the given problem statement for obtaining this information.

5. **Upload your code on Gitlab server**    
    1. Stage and commit the latest files by executing the following commands in your terminal. 
      ```shell
      git add *
      git commit -m 'code commit message'
      git push -u origin master
      ```
 
5. **Evaluate of your code submission**
    1. Go to the Main server(https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in:9000) and click on submit for **lab1**.
    2. Enter your BITS ID (2012A7PS001G), leave the commit hash row blank, choose the correct language and click submit. 
    3. See your score and the evaluation log. If necessary debug your code in the local machine, push it to the gitlab server and evaluate it again. If there are multiple attempts, the maximum score will be considered for grading.

