You can manage the creation, update and deletion of labs from the website of your installation. You can also edit the course details from the webpage of the installation.The instructions for managing the labs are given below.

1. **Login**    
    Open the admin URL: _https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in:9000/admin_. You will be shown a form with a Login Key. Please enter the login key specified in _AutolabJS/deploy/configs/main_server/APIKeys.json_.

1. **Choose Configure**    
    You will be shown a page with _Configure_ and _Revaluate_ buttons. Of the two, only _Configure_ is working. Click on _Configure_ button.

1. **Edit Course Details**    
    [[images/admin-course-details.png]]

1. **Edit Existing Labs**    
    You will be shown a series of tabs, each tab corresponding to a lab. If you would like to delete a lab, all you have to do is click on the cross-mark corresponding the the lab.    
    [[images/admin-labs.png]]
   
    If you want to edit the details of the lab, click anywhere on the tab except the cross-mark. You will be shown a filled form. You can edit the lab details as per your requirements.    
    [[images/admin-lab-edit.png]]


1. **Create New Lab**    
    Click on _Add Labs_ button. A new tab will be added to the page. You can click on the newly added tab to see an empty form. A layout of the form is shown below. You can fill the details of the form.    
    [[images/admin-lab-create.png]]    
    (NOTE: The time is to be specified in HH:MM format, ex: 13:30 for 1:30PM and 4:00 for 4AM)    

    Please also note that the name of the lab should be same as the gitlab repository, i.e., each lab created on the website should have a corresponding gitlab repository with same name for successful evaluation.    

1. **Save**    
     After the editing work is complete, click on _Save_ button.
     After completing the configuration, do remember to **logout**.

1. **Restart Main Server**    
    Login to the computer running the mainserver container and restart the mainserver container.    
    ```shell
    $ sudo docker restart mainserver
    ```
    Now, the modifications shall be reflected on the website.