# Instructions for Submitting Compiled Binaries to IO Tests #  

1. **Create a new user**
    1. Go to the link https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in
    2. Create an account on GitLab with username as your BITS ID (12 digits). For illustration let us say your bits id is 2012A7PS001G and email id is f2012001@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in. But please replace it with your username and email id approrpriately.  

2. **Create new project on Gitlab server:**
    1. Login on https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in  with your credentials created in step 1.
    2. Create a private repo (new project) with the name being exactly given on autolab website. Let us say the name to be _lab1_.
 
3. **Create your work space for coding on your local machine**
    1. Open a terminal and execute the following three commands. Replace your username and email id in the commands.     
      ```shell
      git config --global user.name "2012A7PS001G" 
      git config --global user.email "f2012001@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in"
      export GIT_SSL_NO_VERIFY=1 
      ```
    2. Clone the repo from git server to your local machine.
      ```shell
       git clone https://2012A7PS001G@autolab.bits-goa.ac.in/2012A7PS001G/lab1.git
      ```
      The command will clone an empty git repository called lab1 in your present working directory. You need to place all your code in lab1 directory.

    3. If the instructor provides any skeleton code, use the same.

    3. Complete the Code and compile your code to _a.out_. Place your file in "lab1/c/" directory. 
      ```shell
      $cd lab1
      $mkdir c
      $cp <your_a.out_file> c/a.out
      $ git add c/a.out
      $ git commit -m 'code commit message'
      $ git push -u origin master
      ```
 
4. **Adhere to Input-Output Formats**    
    In IO tests, your program will be evaluated based on the answer your program generates against the test inputs. The program is expected  to read input from standard input and print the answer to standard output. It is important to read the input correctly and generate the output in expected format. Otherwise, the test is deemed a failure. 

5. **Upload your code on Gitlab server**    
    1. Stage and commit the latest files by executing the following commands in your terminal. 
      ```shell
      git add *
      git commit -m 'code commit message'
      git push -u origin master
      ```
 
6. **Evaluate of your code submission**
    1. Go to the Main server(https://autolab.bits-goa.ac.in:9000) and click on submit for **lab1**.
    2. Enter your BITS ID (2012A7PS001G), leave the commit hash row blank, choose **C** language and click submit. 
    3. See your score and the evaluation log. If necessary debug your code in the local machine, push it to the gitlab server and evaluate it again. If there are multiple attempts, the maximum score will be considered for grading.


#### FAQ ####

1. How does the system evaluate your assignment?     
    The system will run your executable using the test input supplied by the evaluator. The system is going to read the output generated by your program and evaluate it against the answers already uploaded. If the answer matches, you will get marks, otherwise not.